Privacy Policy
Wisam Orabi built the Dashing Pixels app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Wisam Orabi and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to this privacy policy. Third parties such as Google and Unity may collect such information in order to improve the service, to facilitate in-app purchases or to display advertisements; all on behalf of the application. I, Wisam Orabi, do not receive any personal information; the same does not necessarily apply to the third parties mentioned.
Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you for purposes such as the facilitation of in-app purchases or displaying advertisements.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
•	Google Play Services
•	Unity
Security
I value your trust in providing our third parties with potential personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-07-08
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at elixirforge0@gmail.com.
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator